Overall review of SDK docs 4.0.0 - closes #760 (#761)
LiskHQ/lisk-docs: modules/ROOT/pages/guides/node-management/logging.adoc

[[file_log_stream]]
=== File log stream

> All logs that have equal or higher log levels than in the `config.json` are saved in a `.log`-file for further analysis.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All logs that have equal or higher log levels than in the log level specified in the config are saved in a `.log`-file for further analysis.
```
